Add multi operations (#8)
rmrk-team/EmotableEIP: README.md

        bytes4 emoji
    ) external view returns (bool);

    /**
     * @notice Used to get the information on whether the specified addresses have used specific emojis on specific
     *  tokens.
     * @param collections An array of addresses of the collection smart contracts containing the tokens being checked
     *  for emoji reactions
     * @param emoters An array of addresses of the accounts we are checking for reactions to tokens
     * @param tokenIds An array of IDs of the tokens being checked for emoji reactions
     * @param emojis An array of the ASCII emoji codes being checked for reactions
     * @return An array of boolean values indicating whether the `emoter`s has used the `emoji`s on the tokens (`true`)
     *  or not (`false`)
     */
    function haveEmotersUsedEmotes(
        address[] memory emoters,
        address[] memory collections,
        uint256[] memory tokenIds,
        bytes4[] memory emojis
    ) external view returns (bool[] memory);

    /**
     * @notice Used to get the message to be signed by the `emoter` in order for the reaction to be submitted by someone
     *  else.

>      * @param collection The addresses of the collection smart contract containing the token being emoted at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @param collection The address of the collection smart contract containing the token being emoted at
```

     * @dev MUST emit the `Emoted` event is the state of the emote is changed.
     * @dev MUST revert if the lengths of the `collections`, `tokenIds`, `emojis` and `states` arrays are not equal.
     * @param collections An array of addresses of the collections containing the tokens being emoted at
     * @param tokenIds An array of IDs of the tokens being emoted
     * @param emojis An array of unicode identifiers of the emojis
     * @param states An array of boolean values signifying whether to emote (`true`) or undo (`false`) emote
     */
    function bulkEmote(
        address[] memory collections,
        uint256[] memory tokenIds,
        bytes4[] memory emojis,
        bool[] memory states
    ) external;

    /**
     * @notice Used to emote or undo an emote on someone else's behalf.
     * @dev Does nothing if attempting to set a pre-existent state.
     * @dev MUST emit the `Emoted` event is the state of the emote is changed.
     * @dev MUST revert if the lengths of the `collections`, `tokenIds`, `emojis` and `states` arrays are not equal.
     * @dev MUST revert if the `deadline` has passed.
     * @dev MUST revert if the recovered address is the zero address.

>      * @param collection Addresses of the collections containing the token being emoted at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @param collection The address of the collection smart contract containing the token being emoted at
```

3. **Should the proposal establish an emotable extension or a common-good repository?**\
Initially we set out to create an emotable extension to be used with any ERC-721 compilant tokens. However, we realized that the proposal would be more useful if it was a common-good repository of emotable tokens. This way, the tokens that can be reacted to are not only the new ones but also the old ones that have been around since before the proposal.\
In line with this decision, we decided to calculate a deterministic address for the repository smart contract. This way, the repository can be used by any NFT collection without the need to search for the address on the given chain.
4. **Should we include only single-action operations, only multi-action operations, or both?**\

> We've considered including only single-action operations, where the user is only able to react with a single emoji to a sinle token, but we decided to include both single-action and multi-action operations. This way, the users can choose whether they want to emote or undo emote on a single token or on multiple tokens at once.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've considered including only single-action operations, where the user is only able to react with a single emoji to a single token, but we decided to include both single-action and multi-action operations. This way, the users can choose whether they want to emote or undo emote on a single token or on multiple tokens at once.\
```

Using ECDSA signatures, we can ensure that the user has given their consent to emote on their behalf. This way, the user can sign a message with the parameters of the emote and the signature can be submitted by someone else.
7. **Should we add chain ID as a parameter when reacting to a token?**\
During the course of discussion of the proposal, a suggestion arose that we could add chain ID as a parameter when reacting to a token. This would allow the users to emote on the token of one chain on another chain.\
We decided against this as we feel that additional parameter would rarely be used and would add additional cost to the reaction transactions. If the collection smart contract wants to utilize on-chain emotes to tokens they contain, they require the reactions to be recorded on the same chain. Marketplaces and wallets integrating this proposal will rely on reactions to reside in the same chain as well, because if chain ID parameter was supported this would mean that they would need to query the repository smart contract on all of the chains the repository is deployed in order to get the reactions for a given token.\

> Additionally, if the collection creator wants users to record their reactions on a different chain, they can still direct the users to do just that. The repository does not validate the existence of the token being reacted to, which in theory means that you can react to non-existent token or to a token that does not exist yet. The likelyhood of a differet collection existing at the same address on another chain is significantly low, so the users can react using the collection's address on another chain and it is very unlikely that they will unintentionally react to another collection's token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if the collection creator wants users to record their reactions on a different chain, they can still direct the users to do just that. The repository does not validate the existence of the token being reacted to, which in theory means that you can react to non-existent token or to a token that does not exist yet. The likelihood of a different collection existing at the same address on another chain is significantly low, so the users can react using the collection's address on another chain and it is very unlikely that they will unintentionally react to another collection's token.
```
